<Bilingual cn="这幅图画/照片/漫画, 毫无疑问地, 可以与影响大学生课程选择的多种因素联系起来.">this drawing/pictures/cartoon,apparently/evidently/obviously/definitely/with no doubt,can be associated/related/linked to with various/variety of/all kinds of/diverse factors which/that may influence/impact/affect college students'/undergraduate course option/selecting course/course selection.</Bilingual> <Bilingual cn="具体来说, 一个年轻人坐在选课系统前, 思考着两组不同的课程特点.">to be specific/specifically,a youngster sits before a course selection system,thinking about/pondering over two groups/sets of characteristics/features.</Bilingual> <Bilingual cn="左边的一组包括新知识, 强调创新精神, 以及更具挑战性的要求;">the left one includes new knowledge,emphasizing/valuing/focusing on innovation/creativity,and more difficulties/challenging requirement;</Bilingual> <Bilingual cn="而另一组则意味着可以轻松获得高分, 考试更容易通过, 并且家庭作业更少.">the other group involves/refers to easy access to high/good scores/grades,less difficulties in passing the test,and less homework.</Bilingual> <Bilingual cn="最后, 我们可以注意到几个汉字, 写着“又到选课时”.">finally,several chinese characters can be noticed,which say that it is time to choose electives.</Bilingual>

<br/>

<Bilingual cn="这样的场景非常值得我们关注, 因为在现实中, 许多年轻人倾向于选择第二类课程, 而忽略了提升自身能力的重要性.">such a scene/scenario is particularly/very/pretty/much/exceedingly/really worth attention for the reason that in reality,a host of youngsters tend to choose the second kind/sort/type of course,ignoring the significance of enhancing themselves.</Bilingual> <Bilingual cn="事实上, 他们这种短视和肤浅的选择可能会构成阻碍其长远进步与发展的障碍.">in fact/actually/as a matter of fact,their short-sighted and superficial choice may consititue an obstacle that hinders/impairs/undermines their long-term progress and growth.</Bilingual> <Bilingual cn="因此, 明智的学生应该选择那些具有挑战性, 包含最新知识和创新精神的选修课, 因为这些课程能带给他们更大的动力, 激发他们奋斗的热情, 并帮助他们开阔视野.">thus,intelligent students are supposed to take cho/choose challenging electives,with the latest/up-to-date knowledge and innovative spirit,which can bring/give them greater motivation,inspire their passion for striving,and help them broaden their horizons.</Bilingual> <Bilingual cn="我本人就是一个很好的例子, 我更喜欢这些创新课程, 因为我坚信创新就像一趟通往光明未来的旅程.">i am a case in point and i prefer these innovative courses,because i am convinced that innovation can be likened to/is just like a journey leading to a promising future.</Bilingual>

<br/>

<Bilingual cn="总而言之, 整个社会应该营造一种积极的氛围, 鼓励年轻人挑战自我, 追求最新的知识, 培养创新能力, 以适应科技的快速发展.">in a nutshell/in conclusion/to conclude/to sum up,society as a whole should foster a positive atmosphere to encourage young people to challenge themselves,pursue the latest knowledge, and cultivate innovative ability for the purpose of adapting to the fast pace/rapid development of science and technology.</Bilingual>
